fpf-build(1) -- build an FPF package
====================================

SYNOPSIS
--------

`fpf-build` [`-A`|`-a`_arch_] `-d`_dirname_|`-g`_treeish_ `-n`_name_ `-v`_version_ [`--{apt,yum,cpan,gem,npm,pear,pecl,pip,fpf}`=_name_[`{>=,==}`_version_]][_..._] _package_

DESCRIPTION
-----------

`fpf-build` builds an FPF package from a directory tree or a Git commit.  The package will be created with the given _arch_, _name_, and _version_.  _arch_ defaults to the architecture of the system on which `fpf-build` is invoked but may be omitted to indicate the package is for all architectures with `-A`.  The package is written to _package_.

Dependencies on other packages, including those managed by many other package managers, may be declared using the `--apt`, `--yum`, `--cpan`, `--gem`, `--npm`, `--pear`, `--pecl`, `--pip`, and `--fpf` options.  All of these options may be repeated to provide multiple dependencies.  The value is expected to be in one of three formats:

* _name_:
  Depend on any version of _name_.
* _name_`>=`_version_:
  Depend on at least _version_ of _name_.
* _name_`==`_version_:
  Depend on exactly _version_ of _name_.

OPTIONS
-------

* `-A`:
  Package is architecture-independent.
* `-a`_arch_:
  Target architecture (_i386_, _amd64_, etc.) (defaults to the system architecture).
* `-d`_dirname_:
  Directory to package.
* `-g`_treeish_:
  Tree or commit to package.
* `-n`_name_:
  Package name.
* `-v`_version_:
  Package version number.
* `--{apt,yum,cpan,gem,npm,pear,pecl,pip,fpf}`=_name_[`{>=,==}`_version_]:
  Add a dependency using the package manager in the option name on the package in the value, optionally of a minimum (`>=`) or pinned (`==`) version.

THEME SONG
----------

AUTHOR
------

Richard Crowley <r@rcrowley.org>

SEE ALSO
--------

Part of `fpf`(1).
